{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red188\green188\blue188;\red23\green23\blue23;\red202\green202\blue202;
\red194\green126\blue101;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c78431\c78431\c78431;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34360\viewh14820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 system_prompt\cf4 \strokec4  = \cf5 \strokec5 """You are an expert behavioral psychologist and data analyst specializing in human interaction. Your primary task is to read text transcripts of 4-minute video conversations between strangers and predict how each participant subjectively rated the interaction.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 CRITICAL INSTRUCTIONS:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 1. Look beyond superficial politeness. Evaluate genuine psychological engagement, mutual validation, and conversational flow.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 2. Step into the shoes of each participant to deduce how they felt, but write your explanations from the objective, analytical perspective of a researcher.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 3. You must output YOUR ENTIRE RESPONSE as a single, valid JSON object. Do not include markdown formatting like ```json or any conversational filler outside of the JSON."""\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 instructions\cf4 \strokec4  = \cf5 \strokec5 """I have a transcription of an interaction between two participants in a psychological experiment. Two strangers interacted via video conference for 4 minutes to see if they could become friends. \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Please read the conversation below and answer the following 5 questions from the perspective of EACH participant. Use a scale from 1 to 7, where 1 means 'not at all' and 7 means 'a lot'.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 THE QUESTIONS:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Q1: To what extent do you think the other person had a good time talking to you? (Code: other_liked_me)\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Q2: To what extent did you have a good time talking with the other person? (Code: liked)\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Q3: To what extent was the conversation pleasant and interesting? (Code: conversation_quality)\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Q4: Was the quality of the videoconference call good? (Code: video_conference_quality)\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Q5: How was the quality of the transcription? (Code: transcription_quality)\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 EXPERT PSYCHOLOGY RUBRIC (CRITICAL):\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 - DEEP REFLECTION ON SOCIAL DYNAMICS: You must reflect deeply on the exact meaning of each question and how conversational mechanics (e.g., who spoke the most, who asked questions, who was just listening) impact them differently:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     * 'liked' (Internal State): Did this specific person actually have fun? If they were stuck acting as a captive audience to a monologue, or had to "pull teeth" to get answers, their 'liked' score should be low, regardless of how the overall chat looked.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     * 'other_liked_me' (Meta-Perception): What signals did the OTHER person send? If P2 talked eagerly and laughed a lot, P1 will rate 'other_liked_me' highly, EVEN IF P1's own 'liked' score is very low.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     * 'conversation_quality' (Objective Flow): Was the topic interesting and the flow smooth? A conversation can be highly pleasant and interesting (score 4-5) even if a participant didn't feel a deep, personal spark of friendship ('liked' = 2-3).\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 - THE "2 IS AVERAGE" HIGH-RESOLUTION SCALE: To capture human nuance, you must shift your baseline. A perfectly fine, polite conversation is a 2. Use this exact scale:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     * Score 1 (Poor/Disconnected): Awkward, forced, pulling teeth, one-word answers, or dead air.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     * Score 2 (Average/Superficial): THIS IS THE DEFAULT BASELINE. Polite small talk (hometown, "nice to meet you"). They maintain the chat but show no real spark or deep curiosity. Just going through the motions.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     * Score 3 (Above Average): Better than standard small talk. Active follow-up questions, some genuine curiosity, and smooth transitions.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     * Score 4 (Good/Warm): Natural flow, very comfortable, shared light laughter, and mutual participation.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     * Score 5 (Engaged): Frequent validation ("wow!", "cool!"), shared laughter, and mutual hype over a topic.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     * Score 6 (Excellent): Easy rapport, mutual interests, vibrant interaction.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     * Score 7 (Great): Great camaraderie, fun and deep bond, high level of connection.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 - RADICAL DIVERGENCE (ASYMMETRY): Because of the social dynamics mentioned above, P1 and P2 will frequently have wildly different scores. Actively look for lopsided interactions and rate the participants completely independently.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 - Video Quality vs. Initial Awkwardness: Humans completely forgive initial tech setup. Even if there are 20 lines of "I can't hear you" at the beginning, if the call stabilizes and they converse normally, rate the video_conference_quality HIGH (5-7). Only rate it poorly (1-3) if the tech fails repeatedly in the MIDDLE of the conversation.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 - Ignoring Transcript Glitches: Auto-generated transcripts often contain duplicated blocks of text, overlapping timestamps, and messy formatting. Do NOT penalize the 'liked' or 'conversation_quality' scores because of this. Only judge the underlying human interaction.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 STRICT JSON SCHEMA REQUIREMENT (CRITICAL):\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 You MUST output a single valid JSON object. \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 The root object must contain exactly one key: "ratings".\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 The "ratings" key must contain a list of exactly 10 objects.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 EVERY object in the list MUST use these EXACT four keys (do not invent synonyms like 'score', 'value', or 'question'):\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 1. "participant_id" (String)\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 2. "question_code" (String - exactly as written in the questions list above)\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 3. "rating" (Integer from 1 to 7)\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 4. "comment" (String)\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Example of the ONLY acceptable format (Note the deep reflection on social dynamics!):\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 \{\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5   "ratings": [\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     \{\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5       "participant_id": "p1",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5       "question_code": "liked",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5       "rating": 2,\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5       "comment": "P1 maintained the conversation politely but had to do all the work asking questions, resulting in an average/superficial personal experience."\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     \},\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     \{\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5       "participant_id": "p1",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5       "question_code": "other_liked_me",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5       "rating": 4,\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5       "comment": "Even though P1 was bored, P2 was happily answering all of P1's questions, so P1 would infer that P2 had a warm, good time."\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5     \}\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5   ]\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 \}\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Here is the transcription data to analyze:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 """\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
}